How to make the greatest academic comeback of your life. Well, let me be very honest with you, you tried, you failed. You tried again, you failed again. You cried, you had panic attacks, and you were stressed and worried about the goals that you have. In fact, you kept failing the entire year. And then you finally. But now when it's time for you to wake up, you're actually forgetting the real strength that you have. I know that life has been a very tough on you, but you are better than this. In this video, I want to talk about how to pick yourself up from one of the darkest tunnels of your life, because my dear brothers and sisters, this is the time for you to shine, and let me show you the path towards your success. The next 5 to 6 minutes are going to be some of the most important minutes of your life, so I'd request you to listen to this carefully. In fact, probably stop doing everything else that you're doing right now and just listen to this. First things first, you need to believe in yourself that you can do it. When I first went to college, my first semester CGPA was 6.64. I almost failed in one of the subjects. I felt really bad. In fact, I remember that day. I was on a. Call with my mom and I almost started crying. I mean, how weird is it to cry? I mean, it's OK. It's not, but that was the day, that was the moment that changed me as a person. I took some time off to reflect on what went wrong. Why did I score so less? How did I waste a lot of time? In fact, why did I waste a lot of time? And these few minutes that I spent with myself, it gave me a lot of clarity on. What are the things that I should be doing and what are the things that I should never do. So once this video is done, take some time off, sit alone for 10 to 15 minutes, and reflect on your entire journey, and then finally make a plan on how are you going to spend the rest of the time that you have to chase your goals. Remember, vision without execution is hallucination, and execution without a vision is just blind foolishness. Now setting a goal and making a plan is done, but it's just the beginning. The real magic lies in execution. So now let's see how can you improve your efficiency? How can you study more in less time? And finally, how can you solve more questions and score better in the exams. Now, to explain this well, I need to tell you a story, and this was during my 2nd year of college. Whenever I made a plan to sit and study for a couple of hours, I was never been able to stick to it. The problem is that I was just procrastinating, and one of the easiest solutions which worked wonders for me was just to time lock my study time. What am I going to study? When am I going to study? How long am I going to study? And finally, what exactly am I going to finish during that study session? Because as I keep telling you, consistency gives you clarity, and there's no point of being busy like a bee without actually accomplishing something. Got it? And also, whenever I used to set deadlines. I used to make them very tight. For example, if I ever felt that something used to take me 3 hours to do, I just used to give it 2 hours and then leave 1 more hour as a break. And that's because your work expands to fill the time which is available. And this is called the Parkinson's law. And most of the times we overestimate the time that we usually take to do a task. So just cut the external distractions, turn the timer on, and you'll be surprised to see how efficient you can be. Now the next biggest thing is to identify the things which will give you maximum results. In other words, not all the chapters have equal weightage, and even inside the concept, not all the concepts have equal weightage. Now, obviously, if you have enough time, you have to study everything, but what if you don't? What if you just have like a couple of months left? Then you need to prioritize everything that you'll be doing. So probably start with the chapters which are easy and also have like a lot of weightage. Look at the previous equations. Try to reverse engineer to find out the most important concepts of the chapters. See, these things are basics, but I'm here to remind you today that you have the potential. It's just that you didn't use it well, but now it's time to get back and show the world who you really are. And then one of the biggest problems that I used to face is that I used to understand the concepts well, but I didn't know how to solve the questions, and that's because I didn't understand that you get good at solving questions by solving questions. You read the theory, you understand the concept, but then you also need to practice. The more that you practice, the better that you'll understand the concept, and the better that you understand the concept, the better and faster that you'll be able to solve questions. So this is a cycle of reading, solving, reading, and then solving again. And if you try to bypass the circle. You won't be able to do much in the exam. During this entire process of trying to pick yourself up. You need to take care of yourself because if you don't eat like a sportsman, if you don't sleep like a sportsman, you won't be able to perform like a sportsman in the exam. I mean, I can keep talking about a lot of strategies, a lot of techniques, but you need something else, right? What you need is the belief that you can do it. What you need is a proper schedule and the discipline to stick to the plan that you've made. Trust me. The biggest comebacks usually come after hitting the rock bottom, and it takes a lot of self-belief and time. After the first semester that I scored 6.64, I've improved it to over 7, then over to 8, then to 9, and I finally graduated with one of the highest packages for my class. So give yourself some time and never lose faith in Ya, because if you really are someone who's going through the rock bottom, this gives you a sign to rise to the top. All the best. and run. But To escape your mind.













http://localhost:3000/api/search-titles?keywords=academic%20,comeback%20study,%20motivation,%20how%20to%20study%20better%20,improve%20grades%20fast%20study%20efficiency